a real tough durable plant that loves
the full Sun enjoys poor soils even clay
soils is the tall bearded iris and you
know you'll see it in front of many
people's homes sometimes they'll even
see it along the highway but they come
in a wide array of colors just look at
the combination of the colors here and
the buds are kind of neat too you know
some of the buds really have distinctive
color tones you know between the white
and the blue
additionally some of these tall bearded
iris bloom again in the fall and those
are called reblooming iris and on top of
all of it the fragrance is just
fantastic in addition you can cut these
and put them indoors and these flowers
smell fantastic as you're driving along
the interstates a highway sometimes
you'll see these beautiful poppies most
cases these are annual poppies or
poppies which have been seeded but the
poppy right here in front of me is known
as the perennial poppy or the oriental
poppy once you get it established it
comes back year after year in the garden
and not only do they come in the orange
form that you see here but they come in
a multitude of other colors including
pink in warm climates try to plant them
in high shade or a little protection
from the Sun other than that in cooler
areas they love full Sun
penes will last in your garden for fifty
to a hundred years plus it might be
something you might remember from your
grandmother's garden they're easy to
grow to bloom the best day really like
full Sun and they'll do well in clay
soil so you know they don't mind heavy
clay soils you just might need to loosen
it up a little bit the other thing
you're gonna notice is there's some that
bloom early right here some are in bud
and some might bloom two or three weeks
from now not only that you're gonna find
they come in a whole array of colors
that you see here they also make
excellent cut flowers so if you want to
bring a little bit of that outdoors in
grow peonies in your garden and easy to
grow shrub in a garden is by Birnam and
as lots of types of viburnum you can
grow this is by Birnam shasta and this
one's more of a mouthful viburnum macro
so salem but remembered you know there's
probably a hundred of more varieties of
vie Burnham's that really enjoy the full
Sun or bright shade now this one's not
fragrant but many fiber gnomes are
fragrant and you can really use these in
combination with your iris and your
peonies and your poppies to add that
zest to your garden I'm mark Viette join
me next time in the garden for more
garden tips click the in the garden
website in the garden radio.com